---
template: blog-post
title: Ruby Time!
slug: /ruby
date: 2021-06-05 08:30
description: ruby
featuredImage: /assets/ruby_img.png
---

## Long overdue update

It's been a month since the last update. Wow how things have changed over the course of just a few weeks!

# Updates

Although it may not seem like it, I am still going very strong with my coding goals. I am currently on Day 79 (or 80) in the **The 100 Days of Code** challenge. Additionally, in order to keep myself accountable, I now set my coding time to at least 2 hours a day and use [wakatime](https://wakatime.com/) to keep track. There are some things I don't like about it, but it does a great job with monitoring my projects, which technologies I use, for how long, and so forth.

Unfortunately, I had to abandon **The Odin Project** yet again. I have tried many times, but the format just does not entirely work for me. Which brings me to my next kind of update....

Even though I am fairly poor, I believe that attending a bootcamp will help me steer on course. I know bootcamps get a lot of crap (which is well deserved!) but I am primarily in it for the community, networking, and rigorous training. Not to say that I am not good at self-learning (I have gotten so far), I just would like to be more industry ready.

The difference is, most of the success stories I am reading are US-focused. However, I am in Japan. The hiring dynamics are a bit different here. It's all about who you know, and having the right stuff to get your foot through the door.

With that being said, I have applied to two different bootcamps. Both have great things about them. For one bootcamp, I am learning the basics of Ruby with [codecademy](https://www.codecademy.com/). The other bootcamp requires multiple technical interviews (using JavaScript). I won't know if I will be able to get into either or, but it doesn't hurt to try!

---

For my projects, I am currently working on a basic chatapp with my mentor using vue. I'm learning a lot about websockets, and how to create apps using vue. It's fairly difficult but fun.

I fear that I am stretching myself out a bit too thin. But, hopefully I will have a better course of action as the weeks pan out.
